# TAG Privacy TF Call - Wed, 13 March 2024

Present: Dan, Don, Robin, Pete, Nick, Jeffrey, Wendy

## Some discussion on digital identity...

Nick: https://github.com/w3cping/credential-considerations/issues/8

## [one pager](https://github.com/w3ctag/privacy-principles/pull/412)

*discussion on one-pager*

Robin: it seems worth doing... I welcome people stepping up and doing the work... What Ian has produced is a good start... 

Nick: like any good straw men this isn't good text but it demonstrates that we should have text like this... I don't think copying the secondary titles is a good way.. Jeffrey had a one-sentence version of many things...

Jeffrey: I don't feel strongly... but I think we should make this the intro of the doc itself rather than a separate document...

Dan: tzviya mentioned showing and hiding things...

Don: so everything beyond section 1 could be hidden...

Nick: I understand that it could get out of date but I don't think the intro should be a summary of the whole doc. I think people who would print out just a friendly version of numbered principles that they would actually read and point to.

Dan: agree on having a 1-pager that's simple...

Pete: i think where all the text is load bearing... it would be nice if things are shorter but we don't think it can be shorter and still be accurate...  Not strongly against it... 

Wendy: I think the table of contents serves as this...

Jeffrey: I like the suggestion of a printable thing...  MDN has professional writers that are good at stuff like this...

Jeffrey: maybe we need 3 one-pagers?

Don: maybe one for web developers (standards authors would read longer documents?)

Dan: we could just say it's not in scope for us...

Nick: the reason I think it would be useful to have a short version is that we could get more people to read it... and engage with it... For example a translation it could make more sense.. 

Jeffrey: concrete suggestion: take the presentation I made with 1-sentence summaries and split up between the audiences and then see if that's the right thing to be translated...

Robin: and maybe take something from Ian's introduction?

Jeffrey: sure.

Robin: i can write code.

## [which is personal data?](https://github.com/w3ctag/privacy-principles/pull/410)

*we review*

Wendy: ...uniquely identifying in combination with generic?...

Jeffrey: this is the definition that the laws are using...  If you have a uniquely identifying piece of data and combine it with a generic piece of data then they identify you. 

Nick: ... only if they are combined ...  But if you have 2 sets of data that have no linkages, then it doesn't really seem combined, just concatenated... 

Jeffrey: the way to fix it right could be "through"...

*we agree we don't need to get it perfect - we agree to merge*

## any other business?

Nick: translations?  An important part of getting more feedback might be versions in other languages... 

Dan: yes. Maybe get chapters to help?  We could also get a Japanese translation for the upcoming AC meeting in Japan.

Robin: most experienced person is Ivan ... we could reach out to him...  Translation is one thing but we could get better feedback from global community even if in english... We could ask the public interest technology group... 

Nick: I'd be happy to ask for that not waiting on translation... but there are latam specific orgs... and having more people looking at it when it's in Spanish...

*discussion on when to translate*

Robin: reasonable cases to be made for both options... i would suggest to ship when it's good enough and then if we get feedback we ship a second version... easier to go to a translator if it's a stable 

*Wide review link: https://www.w3.org/TR/2024/DNOTE-privacy-principles-20240226/*

Jeffrey: if we hire a translator then I think we should wait but for volunteer we should do it now.

Peter: might be uncomfortable with just asking for translations of a summary document... 

Nick: people are going to give feedback at different levels... we should welcome feedback even if it's just "i read the headings, and this is missing"...

Dan: translated summary could be useful in terms of getting people to decide that they want someone with language and expertise to review the full document in more detail

Nick and Dan to look into potential, and come back to this group.

Nick to message PITG, and some individuals.

Dan: wide review requests have gone out for [i18n](https://github.com/w3c/i18n-request/issues/227) and [a11y](https://github.com/w3c/a11y-request/issues/74)


