# TAG Privacy Task force - 24 April 2024

Present: Dan, Jeffrey, Pete, Robin, Don
Regrets: Christine, Wendy

## Wide review feedback

Dan: I reached out to the UN...

Robin: I reached out to Heather F. to ask for feedback as well re: identity & identifiers

https://github.com/w3c/i18n-request/issues/227

Robin: the send a note is completed in IRC... 

Dan: I [asked](https://github.com/w3c/i18n-actions/issues/85#issuecomment-2075315160) for feedback...

A11y: https://github.com/w3c/a11y-request/issues/74

Dan: so far nothing there - I will ping Matthew Atkinson - 

Dan: any other wide review feedback?

## [Reconcile browser funding with Loyalty](https://github.com/w3ctag/privacy-principles/issues/414)

Jeffrey: this is about - any processing that's detrimental to the user's interests...  

Robin: I don't see how it's detrimental...

Jeffrey: if you look only at the first half of the exchange, it's detrimental... 

Dan: I think maybe adding more complexity wouldn't really help...

Robin: I think the the principles benefit from being simple and clear... if we try to pre-program possible misinterpretations then ...  

Don: the companies that do this kind of stuff already explain this kind of value to end users (like renting out your GPU)  I don't think that's an exception to "detrimental to a user's interest" if the user has an interest in making some kind of trade.

Jeffrey: our sense is that these kinds of exchanges are not violations of loyalty... I think responding "we think these exchanges are not violations" would be a reasonable way to close the issue.

Pete: this is several abstractions away ... but for v2 we need slimmer document...

*jeffrey to write up*

## Credentials

*we discuss possible shape of work on credentials in w3c...*

Jeffrey: how do we mitigate - discourage sites from asking for too much...  Trade-offs ... We need to ask the working group "what are those trade-offs" and that's against the backdrop of digital identities... and phone 

Dan: we can learn from the payments work...

Jeffrey: we should discourage that outcome...

Dan: there's open wallet work going on in linux foundation... https://openwallet.foundation/

Jeffrey: could be a good suggestion for the charter...

Nick: coercion ... we don't want to enable wide scale discrimination... ethical principles that are privacy relevance... I'd like some commitment at the chartering stage [of fedid] that there will be joint work - joint work that we can address these harms... 

Jeffrey: is that something that could go into the proposed charter?

Nick: have the TAG convene a task force and have the wg charter include some committment to that...

Pete: a place where we could look: the crypto space .. you have the ability to spin up temporary credentials... worries me : single sign-on with drivers' license... 

Don: "how can we use this to stop account sharing"

Jeffrey: an argument for regulation...  in our spec we can say "you must not do this" 

Don: and done in a web environment where you can choose what info is passed (not arbitrary info that could create more risks)

Jeffrey: putting browser in the middle - we can ban them from accessing the API...

Nick: started this draft https://github.com/w3cping/credential-considerations/blob/main/credentials-considerations.md in ping...

Discussion of a task force to do 3 things:
* finding at the beginning
* review body jointly with ping
* a document ... such as the one above ...

Nick: a human rights impact... 

Dan: societal impact questionnaire https://w3ctag.github.io/societal-impact-questionnaire/ could be part of a human rights assessment...

Jeffrey: having the experts on human rights etc... in the working group.. might be the best way to do it... 

