# TAG Privacy Task Force Call - 22 May 2024

Present: Dan, Don, Wendy, Christine, Nick, Robin, Jeffrey

DKA: Transition requested, with consensus of the TAG.

Any other business?

## Data Portability Threat Model

Jeffrey: [Data portability threat model issue](https://github.com/w3ctag/privacy-principles/issues/424)... 

Jeffrey: if portability is too easy then hackers can port your data to their systems and get everything at once.. should we say anything about that in the doc?

Wendy: Lisa is working at the data transfer initiative... https://dtinit.org/about 

Christine: one way to quick-fix is to add "secure"... which was intendned... 

Nick: caveats or details could apply to every data right, but we don't generally go into much detail on how to provide these capabilities in a reasonable way.

Jeffrey: if they've got a document about this would cite that document...

Dan: do we need to say secure ... seems out of scope?

Christine: privacy principles for data portability... maybe we need this - maybe it should be added to the security & privacy questionnaire?

Jeffrey: my suggestion would be to ask for a citation and then add that to [this part of the doc](https://w3ctag.github.io/privacy-principles/#data-rights). 

Dan: that sounds right.

*Jeffrey to reply to the issue*

DKA to handle any questions about the transition request.
